fix: make CBA workflow release Gurobi license after each rolling horizon optimization and fail if optimization is infeasible when using HiGHS (#756)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

**Bugfixes and Compatibility**

> * Fix CBA workflow to (a) release Gurobi license after each successful rolling horizon optimization or after computing infeasibilities and (b) crash if rolling horizon fails when using HiGHS (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/756). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix CBA workflow to (a) release solver license after each successful rolling horizon optimization or after computing infeasibilities and (b) raise an error if rolling horizon fails when using HiGHS (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/756). 
```
